Add steps to use ESC with Pulumi IaC (#3482)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/azure-native/installation-configuration.md

they match your setup, e.g., the type "branch" and the correct branch name if CI runs against a fixed branch.
{{% /notes %}}

#### OIDC Dynamic Credentials with Pulumi ESC

> In addition to configuring the Azure provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.

Reviewer: Same question as earlier---should we explicitly say "Azure Native provider"?

> In addition to configuring the Azure provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to configuring the Azure Native provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.
```

To do this, you will need to complete the following steps:

##### Configure OIDC between Pulumi and Azure

Refer to the [Configuring OpenID Connect for Azure Guide](/docs/pulumi-cloud/oidc/azure/) for the step-by-step process on how to do this.

##### [Optional] Move Pulumi config to your ESC environment

With Pulumi ESC, you can define and expose environment variables as shown below:

```yaml
values:
  azure:
    login:
      fn::open::azure-login:
        clientId: <your-client-id>
        tenantId: <your-tenant-id>
        subscriptionId: <your-subscription-id>
        oidc: true
  environmentVariables:
    ARM_USE_OIDC: 'true'
    ARM_CLIENT_ID: ${azure.login.clientId}
    ARM_TENANT_ID: ${azure.login.tenantId}
    ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_TOKEN: ${azure.login.oidc.token}
    ARM_OIDC_TOKEN: ${azure.login.oidc.token}
    ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID: ${azure.login.subscriptionId}
    ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_URL: https://api.pulumi.com/oidc
```

{{< notes type="info" >}}
To learn more about projecting environment variables in Pulumi ESC, refer to the [relevant Pulumi ESC documentation](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/environments/#projecting-environment-variables).
{{< /notes >}}

> To [expose configuration values to Pulumi IaC](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/environments/#projecting-pulumi-config), you will need to add a second-level key named `pulumiConfig` and define your desired values underneath it. Further, if your workflow does not require the exposure of environment variables, you can also define those variables under the `pulumiConfig` block as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To [expose configuration values to Pulumi IaC](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/environments/#using-environments-with-pulumi-iac), you will need to add a second-level key named `pulumiConfig` and define your desired values underneath it. Further, if your workflow does not require the exposure of environment variables, you can also define those variables under the `pulumiConfig` block as shown below:
```
